README.md, before:

# Tawf Sharia

**Halal Staking for a Trustworthy DeFi Future on Algorand**

> The first Sharia-audited staking protocol empowering Muslim investors to participate in DeFi safely, ethically, and transparently—now on Algorand using `tawf_sharia`.

---

## 🌊 Deployment

🟢 **Tawf Sharia is deployed on the Algorand blockchain**, chosen for its **security, scalability, and low-fee architecture**.  
All staking logic, auditing, and verification are handled **natively via Algorand smart contracts** and the `tawf_sharia` client.

---

## 🧩 Problem It Solves

Tawf Sharia addresses the long-standing challenge of **trust and accessibility in DeFi for Muslim investors**.  
Despite the **$3 trillion Islamic finance market**, no existing staking protocol offers **verifiable on-chain Sharia compliance**.

This gap has caused:

- **Regulatory and religious uncertainty**, particularly in Indonesia and other Muslim-majority nations.  
  _“Crypto market is legal, but not halal yet.”_
- **Financial exclusion** of a massive potential user base due to lack of trust.

**Tawf Sharia** introduces a **Sharia-certified staking model** using the *Ijarah (rental) contract*, allowing users to:

- Participate in DeFi **ethically and safely**.  
- Earn **stable and halal returns** through a transparent and auditable mechanism.  
- Build **confidence in blockchain** without compromising religious principles.

---

## ⚙️ Challenges Faced

Building a Sharia-compliant DeFi protocol on Algorand involved **technical and philosophical challenges**.

### Key Hurdles

- **Modeling the Ijarah contract on-chain** – Translating rental-based profit-sharing logic into Algorand smart contracts required custom structures for Ujrah (rental fees) and validation rights.
- **Balancing decentralization with compliance** – Contracts had to allow external Sharia audits without breaking trustlessness.
- **Designing transparent on-chain audit verification** – Ensuring audit data is readable, verifiable, and stored securely on Algorand.

### How We Overcame Them

- Consulted **Islamic finance experts** and referenced **MUI Fatwa No.7/2021**.
- Built a **modular architecture** (Python + AlgoKit + React) separating staking logic, audits, and reporting.
- Leveraged **Algorand smart contract accounts and boxes** to ensure secure, auditable transaction flows.

---

## 💎 Unique Value Proposition

Tawf Sharia is the **first Sharia-audited staking protocol on Algorand**, offering **halal passive income** through fixed, transparent Ujrah rewards.  
Unlike typical staking protocols, it’s **compliance-first** — featuring **on-chain audit proofs**, **real Sharia certification**, and **Sukuk-inspired stability**, bringing **trust and inclusivity** to the global DeFi ecosystem.

---

## 🎯 Target Customer

Our core users are **Muslim crypto investors** who want to engage with Web3 **without compromising religious values**.

**Target Segments:**

- Retail investors (18–40 y.o.) in **Indonesia, Malaysia, UAE, and Turkey**.  
- **Faith-based investment communities** seeking transparent digital assets.  
- **Islamic financial institutions** exploring blockchain-based halal yield models.

---

## ⚔️ Competitors & Differentiation

| Competitor | Focus | Limitation | Tawf Sharia Advantage |
|------------|-------|------------|----------------------|
| Lido / Rocket Pool | ETH staking | No Sharia compliance or transparency | Certified halal staking, audited on-chain |
| HAQQ Network | Islamic blockchain (Layer-1) | Not a staking protocol | Protocol-agnostic, plug-and-play staking layer on Algorand |

**Tawf Sharia** merges **DeFi technology** with **Islamic finance ethics**, backed by Algorand smart contracts and verifiable on-chain auditing via `tawf_sharia`.

---

## 🚀 Distribution Strategy

Our growth combines **trust-based partnerships** with **community-driven adoption**:

- **Institutional Partnerships** — Collaborate with Sharia councils & Islamic finance boards for certification and co-branding.  
- **Community Evangelism** — Grow through Muslim Web3 communities (X, Telegram, local crypto events).  
- **DeFi & Web3 Collaborations** — Offer *“Halal Staking Mode”* to existing protocols.  
- **Content-Driven Marketing** — Publish transparent Sharia audit reports on-chain and across platforms to build credibility.

---

## 🛠️ Getting Started with `tawf_sharia`

This full-stack project is generated using **AlgoKit**.

### Initial Setup

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Ensure **Docker** is installed and operational.
3. Install **AlgoKit** following [the guide](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/get-started/algokit/).
4. Run:

```bash
algokit project bootstrap all

Commit message:

Revise README for project structure and setup
Updated project structure section and initial setup instructions.

README.md, after:

# Tawf Sharia

**Halal Staking for a Trustworthy DeFi Future on Algorand**

> The first Sharia-audited staking protocol empowering Muslim investors to participate in DeFi safely, ethically, and transparently—now on Algorand using `tawf_sharia`.

---

## 🌊 Deployment

🟢 **Tawf Sharia is deployed on the Algorand blockchain**, chosen for its **security, scalability, and low-fee architecture**.  
All staking logic, auditing, and verification are handled **natively via Algorand smart contracts** and the `tawf_sharia` client.

---

## 🧩 Problem It Solves

Tawf Sharia addresses the long-standing challenge of **trust and accessibility in DeFi for Muslim investors**.  
Despite the **$3 trillion Islamic finance market**, no existing staking protocol offers **verifiable on-chain Sharia compliance**.

This gap has caused:

- **Regulatory and religious uncertainty**, particularly in Indonesia and other Muslim-majority nations.  
  _“Crypto market is legal, but not halal yet.”_
- **Financial exclusion** of a massive potential user base due to lack of trust.

**Tawf Sharia** introduces a **Sharia-certified staking model** using the *Ijarah (rental) contract*, allowing users to:

- Participate in DeFi **ethically and safely**.  
- Earn **stable and halal returns** through a transparent and auditable mechanism.  
- Build **confidence in blockchain** without compromising religious principles.

---

## ⚙️ Challenges Faced

Building a Sharia-compliant DeFi protocol on Algorand involved **technical and philosophical challenges**.

### Key Hurdles

- **Modeling the Ijarah contract on-chain** – Translating rental-based profit-sharing logic into Algorand smart contracts required custom structures for Ujrah (rental fees) and validation rights.
- **Balancing decentralization with compliance** – Contracts had to allow external Sharia audits without breaking trustlessness.
- **Designing transparent on-chain audit verification** – Ensuring audit data is readable, verifiable, and stored securely on Algorand.

### How We Overcame Them

- Consulted **Islamic finance experts** and referenced **MUI Fatwa No.7/2021**.
- Built a **modular architecture** (Python + AlgoKit + React) separating staking logic, audits, and reporting.
- Leveraged **Algorand smart contract accounts and boxes** to ensure secure, auditable transaction flows.

---

## 💎 Unique Value Proposition

Tawf Sharia is the **first Sharia-audited staking protocol on Algorand**, offering **halal passive income** through fixed, transparent Ujrah rewards.  
Unlike typical staking protocols, it’s **compliance-first** — featuring **on-chain audit proofs**, **real Sharia certification**, and **Sukuk-inspired stability**, bringing **trust and inclusivity** to the global DeFi ecosystem.

---

## 🎯 Target Customer

Our core users are **Muslim crypto investors** who want to engage with Web3 **without compromising religious values**.

**Target Segments:**

- Retail investors (18–40 y.o.) in **Indonesia, Malaysia, UAE, and Turkey**.  
- **Faith-based investment communities** seeking transparent digital assets.  
- **Islamic financial institutions** exploring blockchain-based halal yield models.

---

## ⚔️ Competitors & Differentiation

| Competitor | Focus | Limitation | Tawf Sharia Advantage |
|------------|-------|------------|----------------------|
| Lido / Rocket Pool | ETH staking | No Sharia compliance or transparency | Certified halal staking, audited on-chain |
| HAQQ Network | Islamic blockchain (Layer-1) | Not a staking protocol | Protocol-agnostic, plug-and-play staking layer on Algorand |

**Tawf Sharia** merges **DeFi technology** with **Islamic finance ethics**, backed by Algorand smart contracts and verifiable on-chain auditing via `tawf_sharia`.

---

## 🚀 Distribution Strategy

Our growth combines **trust-based partnerships** with **community-driven adoption**:

- **Institutional Partnerships** — Collaborate with Sharia councils & Islamic finance boards for certification and co-branding.  
- **Community Evangelism** — Grow through Muslim Web3 communities (X, Telegram, local crypto events).  
- **DeFi & Web3 Collaborations** — Offer *“Halal Staking Mode”* to existing protocols.  
- **Content-Driven Marketing** — Publish transparent Sharia audit reports on-chain and across platforms to build credibility.

---

## 🗂️ Project Structure

- **Smart Contracts:** `tawf_sharia-contracts`  
- **Frontend:** `tawf_sharia-frontend`  

> Frontend clients are automatically generated from smart contract artifacts and are available in `frontend/src/contracts`.

---

### ✨ Join Us in Building the Future of Halal DeFi
> Bringing trust, ethics, and inclusivity to the next billion Web3 users — now powered by **Algorand** and the `tawf_sharia` protocol.
